Edit post allow attachments and pollData edits (#256)
desmos-labs/desmos: CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.11.0
##Changes

> - Allowed the possibility to edit `attachments` and `pollData` with `MsgEditPost`(#202)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed the possibility to edit a post's attachments and poll data using the `MsgEditPost` type (#202)
```
